import Layout from '../../layouts/ChapterLayout'
import {Headline, Text, Image, Video, YouTube, Download, CTA, IFrame} from '@trendspurt/trendspurt-theme'
export default Layout




# Documentation

WIP

# Building Blocks

The building blocks of Mojo to create rich content and interactive experiences are **elements**, **behaviors**, **triggers** and **effects**.

## Mojo Elements

Mojo elements are regular HTML or SVG elements. Every visual HTML element like image, button or styled div container and every SVG shape can be used as a Mojo element.
Mojo elements are basically enriched elements with super powers – so called behaviors. Here are some examples of behaviors:

- Element grows when user hovers over it
- Element transitions to another state when user clicks on it
- Element starts to pulsate as soon as it is visible without any user interaction
- You get the idea, right?

## Behaviors

Behaviors are a combination of a Mojo effect and a trigger applied to an element. It follows this pattern:

>>**WHO?** (Element)  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  ->  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;  **WHEN?** (Trigger)  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; ->  &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; **WHAT?** (Effect)

A single element can have multiple behaviors. Here are some examples:
- **Button:** 
  1. Behavior: Jump on click (When user clicks (trigger) on element it should make a jump (effect))
- **Product Image:** 
  1. Behavior: Run spritesheet animation automatically (When element appears (trigger) start spritesheet (effect))
  1. Behavior: Grow on hover (When user hovers over element (trigger) resize element (effect))

## Effects

Effects are predefined scripts that change the visual appearance of a host element usually over a period of time. Think of effects as a pool of ready-to-use animations that can easily be applied to any visual element.

Here are some common Mojo effects:

- **Magnet** (Element grows)
- **Pulsate** (Element pulsates)
- **Jump** (Element jumps up and falls down again)
- **Glitch** (Element will be devided into multiple animated segments)
- **Particles** (Element generates a bunch of particles)
- **Spritesheet** (#WIP)
- **PanAndZoom** (#WIP)
- **TypeAnimation** (#WIP)
- **Transition** (#WIP)
- more coming soon...

Most effects can be fine tuned with a bunch of option parameters. Usually these effect the timing, strength and other details of the applied animations.

## Trigger

Triggers define when an effect should start and end. The easiest trigger is the "click" trigger. When "click" is used the applied effect will start as soon as the user clicks on the host element.

Here are the available triggers:

- **none**
- **auto**
- **click**
- **mouseenter** (#WIP)
- **hover**
- **toggle**

## Behavior examples

WIP
